This is the outline for the paper

0.   Abstract
I.  Introduction
    A. Square waves are easy in digital
        1. mention the initial build
        2. talk about how we do it
    B. This Project
        1. How this is different
        2. coarse explanation of how its different from previous 
            i. its an upgrade
            ii. flexible
II. Half-Period-based Oscillation (This will be merged into III)
    A. How it works
        1. Calculate half-period of wave in terms of # of clk cycles
            i. This is not done real-time. Values are pre-calculated
            ii. # of clk cycles for half-period of ƒ_desired = (int) ((Fs / ƒ_note)/2)
        2. Send (# of clk cycles for half-period of ƒ_desired) to audio transmitter
        3. Audio transmitter uses (# of clk cycles for half-period of ƒ_desired) as a timer to determine when to switch back and forth between high and low output samples
    B. Downsides
        1. imprecise for selecting frequencies 
            i. You calculate how many clk cycles is a half-period
            ii. You switch from +/- to -/+ every half-period
            iii. accuracy of ƒ is dependent on how evenly the desired frequency divides into sample rate
            iv. None of the tones were perfectly in tune, some were very out-of-tune
        2. Difficult to make for anything but square waves
            i. oscillation is based on a timer
            ii. Unintuitive math: would have to shape desired waveform from a square wave using some sort of variable width mask. Likely use of too much multiplication
    C. Potential Pros:
        1. Good for use in certain use-cases
            i. When you don't have a DAC
            ii. When sound is just a means to an end (music not the goal; warning beeps?)
III. Numerically-Controlled Oscillation
    A. Sample Generation (From look-up table)
        1. A look up table is used to get a sample starting point
    B. Multiplication:
        1. It uses multiplication to linearly interpolate between the coarse samples
            i. This is easily done on time for next sample to go out
        2. Booth's Radix 4
            i. how do we justify this ;-; (Previously, with the combinational logic multiplication, it was increadibly space inefficient. It was doing 56 bit multiplication with just gates, no clock or cycles, and was probably something like 2^56 times bigger than what we're doing now.)
    C. Advantages:
        1. Can make any shape of waveform
            i. Uses ROMs of waveforms
            ii. 
        2. extremely precise ƒ
            i. ƒ not directly dependent on clk rate
            ii. output samples interpolated from ROMs
        3. Doesn't need much memory
            i. Only 32 samples and 32 slopes between samples
            ii. could likely be optimized by only storing a fraction of the wave. (But this does limit flexibility for choosing other wave shapes)
    
IV. Overview of how the system works
    (Insert figure of the whole system structure here)
    A. Key input
    B. Calculate accumulator increment value (This is precalculated, and value is selected given the current key pressed)
    C. Calculate sample
        // 1. Half-Period-based Oscillation
        2. Numerically-Controlled Oscillation
    D. Send out sample
        1. I2S Audio
